Dry run docs (#4230)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: CHANGELOG.md

### Cast

#### Added

> - `--dry-run` and `--detailed` flags to estimate the fee of a transaction without sending it to the network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--dry-run` and `--detailed` flags to all transaction commands, allowing to validate transaction logic and estimate fees without submitting to the network
```
Other phrasing can be used, the point is that it's not only about estimating fee. It's more of a functionality to verify correctness without sending to the network (as `dry run` name suggests)
